Overview

Eden Technologies is a private digital solutions company that develops innovative and creative
software products that meet the particular needs of your organization. We have been in business
since 2019 with an in-house team of highly-skilled software developers, web designers and IT
personnel who work tirelessly to bring you products that fit seamlessly into your organization. In
the creation of our budget-conscious solutions, we ensure to co-design with the various end-users
which is a sure-fire way of addressing the nuanced differences between the different expectations
they have of the same product. We are devoted to developing solutions that bring you real value
and great user experience.

Problem Statement

Currently, there is a limited number of computers from which teachers can enter results into the
system. The ratio of these computers to teachers is currently 2:35 which can be quite
inconveniencing for the teachers who have to wait in line in order to feed their marks into the
system.

Proposal

Eden Technologies proposes to develop a robust system that offers convenience to two
stakeholders in the school namely; the teaching staff and the parents.

Firstly, the system will offer authorized staff 24-hour access to the marks system which will enable
them to feed in grades at any time and place of their convenience. With this kind of arrangement,
we need to assure the administration of top-notch data protection and security. To this end, we will
attribute unique passcodes and permissions to all personnel who have access the system. This
implies that staff will have either editing or viewing privileges depending on the section of the
platform they choose to engage with. It is noteworthy that certain sections will only be accessed
by a select few on the authority of the school administration.

The same system will also serve as a digital platform from which parents and students can access
end of term reports. The value proposition of this is that the school can save money on the reams
of paper used to print report cards every term while also ensuring that the grades are not
unscrupulously changed by some students in a bid to falsely please their parents. Being the first
traditional school to make such a move will further bring Namilyango College its much deserved
reverence as an education institution that is responsive to the changes the digital era comes with.
